Now that we have downloaded our file, or
I guess I should say all of the images and
stuff that we need to flash
the operating system onto our board,
it's time to take a look at Uker's screen
here and meet some path variables,
which you've already learned how to do but
we're just gonna touch on again so
that we can do everything we
need to do a little bit quicker.
>> All right, so
when you're running on a Windows computer,
you just wanna open up the command
prompt that comes with Windows MS DOS.
And so once you open that up you
wanna go into your root C folder,
so you're gonna go up into your C folder.
And what we want to do is create
a path variable that takes us
straight to the fastboot.exe file.
So the way to create a path variable in
Windows is we start off with saying set.
And then we're going to type in
the name of the pat variable we want.
So for me, I'm going to call it fastboot,
all in lower case here, and
then we're going to do equals.
The important thing to remember here is
that the difference between Linux and
Windows is that in Windows System,
you want to use the back slash,
not the forward slash.
So we're going to start off
with the Path right here.
C and then under Program Files.
Android, sdk, and you're gonna click
on platform-tools and fastboot.exe.
Let's make this bigger, here.
.exe and now what I've done
is created a path variable
that takes me straight
to the fastboot.exe.
So the next time I used the fastboot
variable I can go straight to
the fastboot.exe.
Now I'm going to show you how
to edit the flash all file.
Now, the flash all file
>> The flash all file
is what came with your boot
loader when you downloaded.
It was actually the first
download that you made.
So inside there is a little script
that we're going to edit now.
>> Yeah.
So what you want to do is you want to
go into the folder that you downloaded
all the boot loader, the root file system,
the boot image you want.
Go into that folder and
have everything unzipped.
And once you have everything unzipped,
you're going to scroll through them and
you're going to find something
that says "flashall." So
you want to open that into a text writer,
you can use notepad, and I'm going to use
this things called,
what am I going to use here?
Here.
I'm just gonna use sublime text here.
So, as soon as you open
that little file there,
you're gonna see a bunch of commands.
It's gonna say fastboot something,
fastboot something, something.
So, like I mentioned a few minutes ago,
you created a pathway we called fastboot.
So what we're gonna do is, we're gonna
go between every fastboot word and
we're gonna enter the percentage sign
just like that between each one.
So let's see that.
>> Yeah.
So what the percentage sign is doing on
the front and back is essentially what the
dollar sign does for the Linux version.
And essentially it's allowing
you to call the path variable
that he just created earlier.
And the reason we use
the lowercase fastboot for
our path variable is cuz we
already knew that inside this
script they already had it set to
the lowercase fastboot, right?
>> Yeah.
>> So, if we wanted to call our path
variable x,
then we could just change that fastboot
there within the percentage signs to x.
And it'll be the same thing.
>> And so what this file will do is,
once you execute this file,
it'll fastboot everything in one go.
You don't have to go and
fastboot flash every single file, so
it makes your life a lot easier.
So with that done,
we'll see you in the next video and
show you exactly how to flash it.